Dev tools type registry (#15)
alice-i-cecile/rfcs: rfcs/77-dev-tools-abstraction.md

Optional methods on both `ModalDevTool` and `DevCommand` will allow us to override the supplied defaults if needed.

As a result our `DevToolMetadata` looks like:

```rust
struct DevToolMetaData {
    name: &'static str,
    type_id: TypeId,
    type_info: &'static TypeInfo,
    short_description: Option<&'static str>
}
```

### What do the registries for our dev tools look like?

Keeping track of the registered dev tools without storing them all in a dedicated collection is quite challenging!

> How can we keep track of it under the hood? We can use already existing `TypeRegistry` for that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How can we keep track of it under the hood? We can use the pre-existing `TypeRegistry` for that.
```

There are a few key operations that we will need to perform:

```rust
// You can get [`ModalDevTool`] like any other resource.
world.get_resource::<D>();

// todo: show how to get `Resource` from `TypeId`.

> // Iterates over tools from `TypeRegistry`. Note: This is not yet implemented.

Reviewer: `iter_with_data` needs a note in the implementation strategy section of the RFC.

Instead, we're forced to turn to the dark arts of reflection and type registration.

### Why not configure `ModalDevTools` with `DevCommands`?

> While configuring `ModalDevTools` with `DevCommands` makes sense for common setting, such as enabling, disabling, and toggling dev tools, it is not ideal for specific properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While configuring `ModalDevTools` with `DevCommands` makes sense for universal configuration options such as enabling, disabling, and toggling dev tools, it is not ideal for configuring specific properties due to the amount of boilerplate required.
Instead, toolboxes should use a reflection-based workflow to set fields on the various `ModalDevTool` resources directly.
```

Those commands are meant to provide a single interface for toolboxes to work with, and should exist on every `ModalDevTool`.

## Unresolved questions

> 1. Can we relax the `FromStr` trait bound and simply construct our structs from CLI-style strings from the reflected type information?

Reviewer: This should be resolved now.
